## Actions

Every change to state starts with an action (figure 1.1). An action is a JavaScript object describing an event in your application. They’re typically generated by either a user interaction or by a server event, such as an HTTP response.

<br>

## Dispatcher

All data flow in a Flux application is funneled through a single dispatcher. The dispatcher itself has little functionality, because its purpose is to receive all actions and send them to each store that has been registered. Every action will be sent to every store.

<br>

## Stores

Each store manages the state of one domain within an application. In an ecommerce site, you may expect to find a shopping cart store and a product store, for example. Once a store is registered with the dispatcher, it begins to receive actions. When it receives an action type that it cares about, the store updates accordingly. Once a change to the store is made, an event is broadcast to let the views know to update using the new state.

=> 여기에서 리덕스와의 차이점이 있다. 리덕스는 단일 store이지만, flux는 도메인에 따른 store를 가진다.

<br>

## Views

Flux may have been designed with React in mind, but the views aren’t required to be React components. For their part, the views need only subscribe to the stores from which they want to display data. The Flux documentation encourages the use of the controller­view pattern, whereby a top­level component handles communication with the stores and passes data to child components. Having both a parent and a nested child component communicating with stores can lead to extra renders and unintended side­effects.
